[skip vbump] Release v0.1.0 (#46)
insightsengineering/rtables.officer: NEWS.md

## rtables.officer 0.1.0

>  * Added option to flush pages when exporting to `.docx`. It is possible to put tables on separate pages by doing `export_as_docx(add_page_break = TRUE)`.

Author: ```suggestion
 * Added option to start new pages when exporting different paginated tables to `.docx`. It is possible to put tables on separate pages by doing `export_as_docx(add_page_break = TRUE)`.
```

## rtables.officer 0.1.0

 * Added option to start new pages when exporting different paginated tables to `.docx`. It is possible to put tables on separate pages by doing `export_as_docx(add_page_break = TRUE)`.

>  * Now it is possible to transform and export also `rlistings` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added exporter functions for `rlistings` objects.
```
